# ExpectedGoal-AcademicalProjectMaster1

Through this project, I wanted to explain the notion of "Expected Goals" in detail. Thus, thanks to the Machine Learning Kaggle platform, I was able to find an interesting dataset, as well as an associated "Expected Goals" algorithm. I took this one back and tried to improve it thanks to my knowledge in Data Science, and my courses, to make it as efficient as possible, and explain what I did during the project, in a report written in French. 

It is good to understand that at the beginning, I was supposed to do an internship of 4 months in a company to validate my first year of Master in Mathematical Engineering, however because of the crisis of COVID-19 this one has been cancelled. So I had to turn to a Master's thesis, which was supposed to be done by group of 4 people. Given my passion for football and my taste for mathematics and data science, I asked to do my project on the "Expected Goals" alone, with the help of my teacher supervising Mr. GARREAU Damien.

So I proposed this project on the "Expected Goals", carried out over a period of one month, during the health crisis due to Coronavirus. I would like to specify, in all humility, that this project is inspired by my research on the "Expected Goals", the books I have read on this subject, parts of programs seen on Kaggle, my courses and the help of Mr. GARREAU, whom I thank for his investment and support. It is important to specify that this project aims to explain how an "Expected Goals" algorithm works, and to try to improve it according to our data, not to create our own model. 
